README.md, before:

# OpenSearch Dashboards Query Workbench

The OpenSearch Dashboards Query Workbench enables you to query your OpenSearch data using either SQL or PPL syntax from a dedicated OpenSearch Dashboards UI. You can download your query results data in JSON, JDBC, CSV and raw text formats.


### Query WorkBench

|                          |                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Test and build           | [![Observability Dashboards CI][workbench-build-badge]][workbench-build-link]                                      |
| Code coverage            | [![codecov][workbench-codecov-badge]]                                                     |
| Distribution build tests | [![cypress tests][cypress-test-badge]][cypress-test-link] [![cypress code][cypress-code-badge]][cypress-code-link] |


[workbench-build-badge]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/sql/actions/workflows/sql-workbench-test-and-build-workflow.yml/badge.svg
[workbench-build-link]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/sql/actions/workflows/sql-workbench-test-and-build-workflow.yml
[workbench-codecov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/opensearch-project/sql/branch/main/graphs/badge.svg?flag=query-workbench
[cypress-test-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress%20tests-in%20progress-yellow
[cypress-test-link]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/issues/1124
[cypress-code-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress%20code-blue
[cypress-code-link]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-query-workbench/tree/main/.cypress/integration

## Documentation

Please see our technical [documentation](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/sql/workbench/) to learn more about its features. 


## Contributing

See [developer guide](DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md) and [how to contribute to this project](CONTRIBUTING.md). 

## Getting Help

If you find a bug, or have a feature request, please don't hesitate to open an issue in this repository.

For more information, see [project website](https://opensearch.org/) and [documentation](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/). If you need help and are unsure where to open an issue, try [forums](https://discuss.opendistrocommunity.dev/).

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Amazon Open Source Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://aws.github.io/code-of-conduct-faq), or contact [opensource-codeofconduct@amazon.com](mailto:opensource-codeofconduct@amazon.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Security

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify AWS/Amazon Security via our [vulnerability reporting page](http://aws.amazon.com/security/vulnerability-reporting/). Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue.

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache v2.0 License](LICENSE.TXT).

## Copyright

Copyright OpenSearch Contributors. See [NOTICE](NOTICE) for details.

Commit message:

Updating security reachout email (#324)
Signed-off-by: Varun Lodaya <varunml@amazon.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenSearch Dashboards Query Workbench

The OpenSearch Dashboards Query Workbench enables you to query your OpenSearch data using either SQL or PPL syntax from a dedicated OpenSearch Dashboards UI. You can download your query results data in JSON, JDBC, CSV and raw text formats.


### Query WorkBench

|                          |                                                                                                                    |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Test and build           | [![Observability Dashboards CI][workbench-build-badge]][workbench-build-link]                                      |
| Code coverage            | [![codecov][workbench-codecov-badge]]                                                     |
| Distribution build tests | [![cypress tests][cypress-test-badge]][cypress-test-link] [![cypress code][cypress-code-badge]][cypress-code-link] |


[workbench-build-badge]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/sql/actions/workflows/sql-workbench-test-and-build-workflow.yml/badge.svg
[workbench-build-link]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/sql/actions/workflows/sql-workbench-test-and-build-workflow.yml
[workbench-codecov-badge]: https://codecov.io/gh/opensearch-project/sql/branch/main/graphs/badge.svg?flag=query-workbench
[cypress-test-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress%20tests-in%20progress-yellow
[cypress-test-link]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-build/issues/1124
[cypress-code-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress%20code-blue
[cypress-code-link]: https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-query-workbench/tree/main/.cypress/integration

## Documentation

Please see our technical [documentation](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/search-plugins/sql/workbench/) to learn more about its features. 


## Contributing

See [developer guide](DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md) and [how to contribute to this project](CONTRIBUTING.md). 

## Getting Help

If you find a bug, or have a feature request, please don't hesitate to open an issue in this repository.

For more information, see [project website](https://opensearch.org/) and [documentation](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/). If you need help and are unsure where to open an issue, try [forums](https://discuss.opendistrocommunity.dev/).

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Amazon Open Source Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://aws.github.io/code-of-conduct-faq), or contact [opensource-codeofconduct@amazon.com](mailto:opensource-codeofconduct@amazon.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Security

If you discover a potential security issue in this project we ask that you notify OpenSearch Security directly via email to security@opensearch.org. Please do **not** create a public GitHub issue.

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache v2.0 License](LICENSE.TXT).

## Copyright

Copyright OpenSearch Contributors. See [NOTICE](NOTICE) for details.
